Rework Monsters in the same way I have NPCs set up with a resource that way I can have 1 monster file that I can instance??? I think this will work 

working on NPCs and behaviors, along with new system for modular sprites - almost done

Fix taking damage for monsters and player


Skills and XP:
	stealth will gain xp when they either succed or fail vs perception, not just randomly activating the skill

Equipment
	Armor Slot - Done
	Head - sight, 
	Belt - Belt: Consider adding a mechanic where certain belts can hold more than others, 
		or some might have special slots for unique items like keys or magical components.
	Feet - movement buff, evasion buffs,
	Amulet - Special effects like magic resistance, health regeneration, or skill boosts.
	Hand - Tools, Offhand damage?, 
	Ring - Different rings could provide stat boosts, elemental resistances, or passive abilities.
	Weapon - Combat

Items - 

Status Effects:
	wet
	burning
	chilled
	frozen
	webbed
	poisoned
	stunned - removes evasion ability 
	flying
	jumping
	cursed
	blessed
	blind
	fear
	rage
	invisible
	slowed
	
	Combine status effects:
		if wet and chilled, then get frozen
		wet and burning - steam blinds

day/night cycle
	Certain spells or activities might be more effective or available only at certain times 
	(e.g., night for necromancy, day for healing magic).
	Creature Behavior: Some creatures might only appear or be more aggressive at night.
Weather System: Beyond day/night, weather could affect gameplay, like rain enhancing water spells or wind affecting arrows.

recipes

chracter creation
	Backgrounds: Provide starting bonuses or unique skills based on character backstory.
	Appearance Customization: Affect how NPCs react to the player based on appearance.	
	Unique Starting Items: Based on background, give players unique items that hint at their 
		past or provide a small advantage in their chosen field.
Lore:
	coins

Crafting Recipes
	Upgrades: Allow for upgrading existing items or creating new ones with better stats.
	Unique Crafts: Items that require specific conditions or rare materials, perhaps tied 
	to guild activities.

Spell Recipes - The player will make a scroll with the spell information on it, 
that when read(right clicked) it adds the spell to the dictionary of skills

Spell ideas:
	Casting lightning in the rain has a chance to fork back to the user due to having the wet status
	Environmental Spells: Spells that interact with the environment, like creating temporary bridges or altering terrain.
	Reverse Effects: Spells that can be turned against the caster under certain conditions (like your lightning in the rain idea).

Environmental Puzzles: Use the environment and weather mechanics for puzzle-solving, like using 
	light spells to grow plants for climbing or freezing water to cross rivers.

Guild reputations:
	The Arcanium
	Order of Elements
	Mystics of the Veil
	Blade Masters
	Guardians of the Wild
	Order of the Shield
	Thieves' Guild
	Artificer's League
	Guild Conflicts: Reputation with one guild might negatively affect it with another, 
		leading to interesting dynamics.
Faction System: Beyond guilds, include other factions like city-states, nomadic tribes, or 
	magical creatures with whom players can gain or lose favor.	
	
Lockpick chests, get components back can bring to guild when successful unlock
Thievery- steal items if pass roll, thieves guild has fence, stealing items raises thieves guild reputation
Figure out how to trigger item_stolen flag when an item gets stolen from person or chest
Thievery or Lockpicking:
	Consequences: Failed attempts could raise alarms, lower reputation with certain guilds, or lead to legal repercussions.
	
	Place "Moonbeam" down to teleport back to that location

OverlandMap


Game UI

character, have a character that says that nobody will ever see him, or talk to him, express my own feelings in this character.
